README.md, before:

# JSPM Linker

A basic link watcher/manager for the [jspm CLI](https://github.com/jspm/jspm-cli).

Because the JSPM linking process currently makes some transformations
to your packages file structure (instead of making a direct symlink like
npm does), it's necessary to run a watcher to re-link your separate
modules. This is a basic attempt at simplifying that process.

See https://github.com/jspm/jspm-cli/wiki/Linking for more information
on the jspm linking process.

## Installing
Without publishing this directly to npm (I don't feel that this is
currently quite worthy) you can git clone the project and then in the
repo type `npm install` and `npm link`. The project will then be
available globally as `jspm-linker`.

## Usage
* `jspm-linker add` - Go to your package (in the same directory as your
package.json) and use this command to add to your local watch list. Do
this for each of your packages.

* `jspm-linker remove` - Repeat the same as above, but removes from the
 watch list.
* `jspm-linker list` - List your currently linked packages
* `jspm-linker update` - Relink your entire list of packages
* `jspm-linker watch` - Watch for changes on your entire list of packages
(re-links on any file change in your package).

## Disclaimer
Use at your own risk, this package is quite untested, and makes direct use
 of the JSPM source code which is totally subject to change by the jspm-cli project.

Commit message:

feat(add): add option to recursively link modules
`jspm-linker add --recursive` will start in the current selected
directory and recursively add any locally defined packages that contain
"jspmLinkable" in the package.json file. This is just an easy way to set
up initial dev environments.

README.md, after:

# JSPM Linker

A basic link watcher/manager for the [jspm CLI](https://github.com/jspm/jspm-cli).

Because the JSPM linking process currently makes some transformations
to your packages file structure (instead of making a direct symlink like
npm does), it's necessary to run a watcher to re-link your separate
modules. This is a basic attempt at simplifying that process.

See https://github.com/jspm/jspm-cli/wiki/Linking for more information
on the jspm linking process.

## Installing
Without publishing this directly to npm (I don't feel that this is
currently quite worthy) you can git clone the project and then in the
repo type `npm install` and `npm link`. The project will then be
available globally as `jspm-linker`.

## Usage
* `jspm-linker add` - Go to your package (in the same directory as your
package.json) and use this command to add to your local watch list. Do
this for each of your packages.

	######Options:
	`--recursive`: Recursively links modules from the current directory.
	Useful for setting up initial dev environments.

* `jspm-linker remove` - Repeat the same as above, but removes from the
 watch list.
* `jspm-linker list` - List your currently linked packages
* `jspm-linker update` - Relink your entire list of packages
* `jspm-linker watch` - Watch for changes on your entire list of packages
(re-links on any file change in your package).

## Disclaimer
Use at your own risk, this package is quite untested, and makes direct use
 of the JSPM source code which is totally subject to change by the jspm-cli project.
